# RescueGame
Markus Takei

Rescue Mission Game

My game will be an emergency rescue game.   In this game, levels will be decided by increasing levels of difficulty of the rescue mission at hand.  A player can choose a different occupation, for example, they can be a fireman, an emt, a helicopter pilot, an ambulance driver, or a policeman.  In each case, the main objective will be different.  In the case of policemen, the main objective will be hostage rescue and apprehension of criminals.  Multiple players can play on the same laptop.  Basic controls are moving, looking around, and jumping.  Moving around will be done with either wasd or arrow keys for player 2.  Space is jump.  Specific interactions like talking to other people will be done with e, r, and t for player one and ,   .   and /  for player 2.  When two players play, they will have to choose the same role.  Two player mode will always be advantageous because there will be double the brain and man power.  Levels will become increasingly difficult.  For example, level one might be a simple rescue of a cat stuck in a tree, while level 17 may be to rescue all 15 patients trapped in a burning hospital.  With more rescue missions completed, player rank/level will increase (more xp = higher levels).  With more rank xp comes faster moving speed, more strength, higher stamina, and higher reputation points.  Reputation points determine your reputation around town.  This is a secondary objective.  The better your reputation is, the more likely people are to assist you and reward you for your services with rescue points.  Another objective is to acquire wealth in the form of rescue poin
ts.  You can trade these points in at a shop for goods that aid in your missions.  For example, you can get a higher powered hose to put out fires faster, or buy a stronger gun with which you can absolutely obliterate your enemies.  In terms of in game communication and overlay, there will be a pokemon-style communication banner type thing in the bottom of the screen, with different character icons popping up to indicate who is speaking.  There will be some sort of HQ for every occupation that will give updates and mission objectives.  One can communicate with different civilians around town for clues.  The banner will include basically every important form of communication the player(s) needs.  There will also be an in app purchase store.  Players can buy rescue points to speed up their game progress.  This is an experimental feature.  All proceeds will go to me.
